README.md, before:

An **Instagram** clone built with [`NextJS`](https://nextjs.org).

## New things learned from this project
- [Next Layouts](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/layouts)
- Authentication with [next-auth](https://next-auth.js.org/)
- Modal routing

## Learn About NextJs

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## You can easily deploy your **NextJs** apps on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

search feature implemented with Meilisearch

README.md, after:

An **Instagram** clone built with [`NextJS`](https://nextjs.org).

## New things learned from this project
- [Next Layouts](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/layouts)
- Authentication with [next-auth](https://next-auth.js.org/)
- Modal routing

## Current Features
- Select image, apply filter to it and upload with a caption.
- Comment on a post.
- Like or unlike a post.
- Save or unsave a post.
- Profile page displays your post, liked, and saved post.
- View other's profile, their follower and the users they follow.
- Follow or unfollow other users.
- View who follows you and whom you are following from your profile page.
- Like and comment counts of a post.
- Real-time updates of everything you do like following, commenting, or liking a post.
- Sign in with either Twitter or Google account.
- Search users by their profile name.
- Delete account along with all the associated data like your posts, comments, likes, and followers.
- Your post is public by default and can be viewed by any signed in user.

## To be Implemented
- Edit profile details like username or profile image.
- Create or update bio.
- Chat functionality.
- Explore page contents.
- Notifications.
- Email sign-in.
- Replies to a comment.
- View who all liked your post and comments.
- Share post to other users via chat.
- Option to make a post private/make it public only to your followers.
- Edit comments and posts.

## Learn About NextJs, You won't regret!

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## You can easily deploy your **NextJs** apps on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
